Sorry.
Excuse me today.
What you just did won't solve anything.
It just makes me think you're incompetent
incompetent
I want to interview you
I don't even want dignity
How about you, Mr. Zhou?
Called me here in the middle of the night
Just to tease me?
You are also boring enough
This familiar feeling comes again
How come?
It seems that the only way to investigate is to keep her by your side
I will arrange other interviewees for you.
Oh, really?
So later
Let's stop playing the interview trick
But I have a request.
Stay With Me
Is this still the Zhou Yanjing who saved me from fire and water?
Maybe he's always been like this
I'm just being affectionate
Xiao Xu
What are you frizzy for?
This is our school's champion this year
Excellent little girl
What's the hurry?
President, my family won't let me go to college
What do you want to do?
I want to fight
Or run away
Anyway, I'll do everything I can.
My fate is in my own hands.
Alex you are in charge
sister
If you don't help me pay my debts, I'll collect my body
But it wasn't me who died